(tree) Added op bunching processing to shared tree (#23732)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/itchy-pants-brake.md

"section": other
---

Changes to the pre-op and op events on ISharedObjectEvents

> Previous behavior - `pre-op` was emitted immediately before an op was processed. Then the op was processed and `op` was emitted immediately after that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the `pre-op` event was emitted immediately before an op was processed, then the op was processed and an `op` event was emitted immediately after that.
```

Author: Done

> New behavior - `pre-op` will still be emitted before an op is processed and `op` will still be emitted after an op is processed. However, these may not be immediate and other ops in a batch for the shared object may be processed in between.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of version 2.23.0, the `pre-op` event will still be emitted before an op is processed and `op` will still be emitted after an op is processed. However, these events may not be emitted immediately and other ops in a batch for the shared object may be processed in between.
```

Author: Reworded it as per your suggestion.
